Clarify installation on GitHub README file (#2968)
DOMjudge/domjudge: README.md

DOMjudge is a system for running a programming contest, like the
ICPC regional and world championship programming contests.

Installation
------------

> We provide [stable releases](https://www.domjudge.org/download) and [daily snapshots](https://www.domjudge.org/snapshot/) of the latest code. Bootstrapping from git is an advanced usecase and mostly needed for development. Installing DOMjudge is almost never done via a `git clone` except for development usecases or testing the latest code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide [stable releases](https://www.domjudge.org/download) and [daily snapshots](https://www.domjudge.org/snapshot/) of the latest code. Bootstrapping from git is an advanced use case and mostly needed for development. Installing DOMjudge is almost never done via a `git clone`, except for development use cases or testing the latest code. 
```
